There we have it our and to the data structures section was it as scary as you initially thought.
Hopefully by the end of this section if you've watched all the videos and done all the exercises you
feel a lot more comfortable you can use the tools that you've learned to be a better engineer and make
better decisions.
Hopefully you don't look as scared as this emoji dead at the beginning of this section.
And we've learned that these data structures at the end of the day are our friends.
And by the way I'm really proud of this slide.
I spent way too long creating this little thing that I have I have Mr. hash table here.
That's Mrs. Gray that's little linked list.
That's Mr. Q Mrs. Stack's scary looking graph.
And of course Professor tree.
Anyway I hope you're no longer intimidated by the subject because all around us when we look at technology
they're all built by data structures.
We hold information and data structures no matter how many data structures there are and there will
be in the future.
Most of the building blocks are right here.
You see something like block chain that has become really popular in recent years are just data structures
that we've learned about it has some aspects of linked lists it has some hashing that it does which
we know about and it also uses some try data structure and trees having the fundamentals you have now.
One day maybe you'll build your own data structure.
I'll see you in the next one.